THEME: Test Theme

[THEME NOTES]
No Specific Note for this theme.

[PRE-INTRODUCTION HOST INSTRUCTIONS]
Before the game begins, pull all the characters together and show them a Round 1 card as an example. Explain how the game will flow and let them know they’ll each have similar cards with information to share. Instruct them to mingle with the guests and share their information gradually—don’t give all the details to one person. Instead, mix it up and distribute the information across multiple conversations to keep the game engaging for everyone.

[CHECKLIST]
Pull all Characters together
Demonstrate how to share information
Answer any questions from characters about game flow


[GAMEINTRODUCTION HOST INSTRUCTION]
Pull characters together in the fron of the room.  Line them up in the read order below. Read the game introduction to the guests and then have each character read their Charcater Bio in Order.

[GAMEINTRODUCTION HOST SCRIPT]
“Good evening all you wonderful, exciting and … devious people and welcome to A Murder Mystery Dinner’s – Murder at the Grand Gatsby. Tonight, we play a game. A game of mystery, deceit, and murder. Tonight, one of you is going to die by the hands of another in this room. Who will the murderer be? This is what we must find out. You will work in teams – who is on your team is your choice. Those of you with name tags are our characters. The rest of you are attendees soon to become investigators. This game has 4 Rounds each lasting 20 minutes. In round one you will learn all about our characters. Who they are, what they do, and who they are involved with? In round 2 we will begin to uncover their motives. In Round 3, someone will die, and your investigation will begin. Then finally in round 4, we will accuse our murderer of their crime. Now, let’s learn a little about our Characters. George, why don't you go first!”

[INTRO READ ORDER]
George Gatsby
Sam Sampson
Georgina Gatsby
Dyani Davis
Adrienne Applejack
Pistol Pete
Jordan Jinks
Taylor Tulsa




[ROUND 1 HOST INSTRUCTIONS]
Collect Character Biography Cards and pass out round 1 cards after announcing the start to Round 1.  

During this round the host should mingle with the guest in character. 

This round often gets off to a slow start as people are a bit confused. 

All characters should read their cards then mingle while following what their cards say to do. 

5 minutes before the end of the round when the timer goes off announce the 5 minute warning.

[ROUND 1 HOST SCRIPT]
Ladies and Gentlemen round one has begun. Characters, I will now provide you with your round one cards. Share any information you have as you mingle with other characters and guests at the party. Note that the host has no ties into the crime.  

[ROUND 2 HOST INSTRUCTIONS]
Pass out round 2 cards after announcing the start to Round 2.  Characters may keep their round 1 cards so they can use the information During this round the host should mingle with the guest in character. This round often flows better as people now know what they are trying to do. All characters should read their cards then mingle while following what their cards say to do. 5 minutes before the end of the round when the timer goes off announce the 5 minute warning.

After the 5 minute warning is announced find the victim, SAM SAMPSON, and inform them they are going to die and set up the death scene.  Draw attention to the death by shouting..... Everyone come quick! Someone has killed SAM SAMPSON.

[ROUND 2 HOST SCRIPT]
Ladies and Gentlemen round two has begun. Characters, I will now provide you with your round two cards. Share any information you have as you mingle with other characters and guests at the party. Note that the host has no ties into the crime.  

[MEAL BREAK INSTRUCTIONS]
During the break play music if available and interact with guests.  Get people to give their theories on what has happened so far.  Be entertaining.

[ROUND 3 HOST INSTRUCTIONS]
Pass out round three cards after announcing the start to Round 2.  Characters may keep their round two cards so they can use the information During this round the host should mingle with the guest in character. All characters should read their cards then mingle while following what their cards say to do. 5 minutes before the end of the round when the timer goes off announce the 5 minute warning.

After the 10 minute warning Announce to the room you have new information pass out the following:
- Forensic Report
- Clue Page (if Applicable)

[ROUND 3 HOST SCRIPT]
Ladies and Gentlemen round three has begun. Characters, I will now provide you with your round one cards. Share any information you have as you mingle with other characters and guests at the party. Note that the host has no ties into the crime.  

[ROUND 4 PART 1 HOST INSTRUCTIONS]
In this round the only activity is for everyone to work with their team members to solve the crime. Have everyone get whit their team and pass out the ACCUSATION CARDS. They will have 10 minutes to go over their notes and prepare their accusation. At the end of the round you MUST collect the ACCUSATION CARDS.

[ROUND 4 PART 1 HOST Script]
Ladies and gentlemen, round 4 part one has begun, please get with your teammates, you will have 10 minutes to go over your notes and fill out the accusation cards I am going to pass out.

[ROUND 4 PART 2 HOST INSTRUCTIONS]
Collect all the accusation cards, and seperate the team who got it correct.  Have all the characters join you in the fron of the room.  You will have guests make verbal accusations first, then the characters will read their round 4 cards. IMPPORTANT:  ONLY GIVE EACH CHARACTER THEIR ROUND $ CARD WHEN IT IS THEIR TIME TO READ, NOT BEFORE.  THIS CAN SPOIL THE GAME!

[ROUND 4 PART 2 HOST INSTRUCTIONS 1]
Collect all the accusation cards, and separate the team who got it correct. Have all the characters join you in the front of the room.

[ROUND 4 PART 2 HOST SCRIPT 1]
Ladies and gentlemen, your attention please. Characters would kindly join me in the front of the room.

[ROUND 4 PART 2 HOST INSTRUCTIONS 2]
Allow characters to join you before proceeding. Next you will get everyone to shout out their accusations and publically accuse the characters in front of everyone.

[ROUND 4 PART 2 HOST SCRIPT 2]
Ladies and gentlemen, now that you have collected your clues, put together your evidence it's time to accuse your suspects of their crime. Let me hear it, who do you think our murderer is and why?

[ROUND 4 PART 2 HOST INSTRUCTIONS 3]
Once teams and guests have had a chance to make their accusations you can move on

[ROUND 4 PART 2 HOST SCRIPT 3]
Those are some pretty harsh accusations there,  lets find out who really commited this horibble crime! SAM SAMSOPN, what do you have to say for yourself?

[ROUND 4 CHARACTER ACCUSATION ORDER]
*Reminder pass out round 4 cards one at a time
Sam Sampson
Georgina Gatsby
Dyani Davis
Pistol Pete
Adienne Applejack
George Gatsby
Taylor Tulsa
Jordan Jinks
