THEME: Test Theme

[THEME NOTES]
This theme is a test them.  The notes for this theme will go here such as place out a a clue before the game starts or something else required by the game.

[PRE-INTRODUCTION HOST INSTRUCTIONS]
Before the game begins, pull all the characters together and show them a Round 1 card as an example. Explain how the game will flow and let them know they’ll each have similar cards with information to share. Instruct them to mingle with the guests and share their information gradually—don’t give all the details to one person. Instead, mix it up and distribute the information across multiple conversations to keep the game engaging for everyone.

[CHECKLIST]
Item 1
Item 2
Item 3
Item 4
Item 5

[GAMEINTRODUCTION HOST INSTRUCTION]
Pull characters together in the fron of the room.  Line them up in the read order below. Read the game introduction to the guests and then have each character read their Charcater Bio in Order.

[GAMEINTRODUCTION HOST SCRIPT]
“Good evening all you wonderful, exciting and … devious people and welcome to A Murder Mystery Dinner’s – THEME NAME GOES HERE. Tonight, we play a game. A game of mystery, deceit, and murder. Tonight, one of you is going to die by the hands of another in this room. Who will the murderer be? This is what we must find out. You will work in teams – who is on your team is your choice. Those of you with name tags are our characters. The rest of you are attendees soon to become investigators. This game has 4 Rounds each lasting around 20 minutes. In round one you will learn all about our characters. Who they are, what they do, and who they are involved with? In round 2 we will begin to uncover their motives. In Round 3, someone will die, and your investigation will begin. Then finally in round 4, we will accuse our murderer of their crime. Now, let’s learn a little about our Characters.”

[INTRO READ ORDER]
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Character 5
Character 6
Character 7
Character 8

[ROUND 1 HOST INSTRUCTIONS]
Collect Character Biography Cards and pass out round 1 cards after announcing the start to Round 1.  During this round the host should mingle with the guest in character. This round often gets off to a slow start as people are a bit confused. All characters should read their cards then mingle while following what their cards say to do. 5 minutes before the end of the round when the timer goes off announce the 5 minute warning.

[ROUND 1 HOST SCRIPT]
Ladies and Gentlemen round one has begun. Characters, I will now provide you with your round one cards. Share any information you have as you mingle with other characters and guests at the party. Note that the host has no ties into the crime.  

[ROUND 2 HOST INSTRUCTIONS]
Pass out round 2 cards after announcing the start to Round 2.  Characters may keep their round 1 cards so they can use the information During this round the host should mingle with the guest in character. This round often flows better as people now know what they are trying to do. All characters should read their cards then mingle while following what their cards say to do. 5 minutes before the end of the round when the timer goes off announce the 5 minute warning.

After the 5 minute warning is announced find the victim and inform them they are going to die and set up the death scene.  Draw attention to the death as described...........here.

[ROUND 2 HOST SCRIPT]
Ladies and Gentlemen round two has begun. Characters, I will now provide you with your round two cards. Share any information you have as you mingle with other characters and guests at the party. Note that the host has no ties into the crime.  

[ROUND 3 HOST INSTRUCTIONS]
Pass out round three cards after announcing the start to Round 2.  Characters may keep their round two cards so they can use the information During this round the host should mingle with the guest in character. All characters should read their cards then mingle while following what their cards say to do. 5 minutes before the end of the round when the timer goes off announce the 5 minute warning.

After the 10 minute warning Announce to the room you have new information pass out the following:
- Forensic Report
- Clue Page (if Applicable)

[ROUND 3 HOST SCRIPT]
Ladies and Gentlemen round three has begun. Characters, I will now provide you with your round one cards. Share any information you have as you mingle with other characters and guests at the party. Note that the host has no ties into the crime.  

[ROUND 4 PART 1 HOST INSTRUCTIONS]
In this rouns the only activity is for everyone to work with their team members.  They will have 10 minutes to go over their notes and prepare their accusation. At the end of the round you MUST collect the accusation cards.

[ROUND 4 PART 1 HOST Script]
Ladies and gentlemen, round 4 part one has begun, please get with your teammates, you will have 10 minutes to go over your notes and fill out the accusation cards I am going to pass out.

[ROUND 4 PART 2 HOST INSTRUCTIONS]
Collect all the accusation cards, and seperate the team who got it correct.  Have all the characters join you in the fron of the room.  You will have guests make verbal accusations first, then the characters will read their round 4 cards. IMPPORTANT:  ONLY GIVE EACH CHARACTER THEIR ROUND $ CARD WHEN IT IS THEIR TIEM TO READ, NOT BEFORE.  THIS CAN SPOIL THE GAME!

[ROUND 4 PART 2 HOST Script]
Ladies and gentlemen, your attention please.  Charachters would kindly join me in the fron of the room.

[ROUND 4 PART 2 HOST instructionst]
Allow characters to join you before proceeding

[ROUND 4 PART 2 HOST Script]
Ladies and gentlemen, now that you have collected your clues, put together your evidence, before we learn who our murder is who wants to takea gues.  Make your accusations please!

[ROUND 4 PART 2 HOST instructionst]
Allow any guest or team who wants to make an accusation make one out loud to the character they wish to accuse.

[ROUND 4 PART 2 HOST Script]
What a deviouse group we have up here.  lets find out which one of the is capable of mystery, deceit, and murder!  Character 1 Name what do you have to say for yourself?

[ROUND 4 CHARACTER ACCUSATION ORDER]
*Reminder pass out round 4 cards one at a time
Character 1
Character 2
Character 3
Character 4
Character 5
Character 6
Character 7
Character 8
